README.md, before:


Connectify is a social networking application for connecting people and sharing posts. This README includes setup, development, and deployment instructions. Replace placeholders with project-specific details where noted.



## Tech stack

- Frontend: JavaScript — React + Vite, Tailwind CSS, react-router, axios, socket.io-client.
- Backend: JavaScript — Node.js + Express, MongoDB, socket.io, JWT, Cloudinary.

## Roles & Permissions

### Admin
- Create, update, and delete user ( faculty, proctors)
- Assign or change user roles (professor, proctor)
- View all users and system-wide data
- Manage site configuration 

---

### Professor (Faculty)
- Login and manage own profile
- Create and update announcements
- Add and update student marks and attendance
- View students assigned through proctor relationships
- Export student reports (XLSX)
- Create in groups and real-time chat

---

### Proctor
- Create student accounts (individual or bulk)
- View and manage assigned students
- Nominate and manage club leads
- Add and update marks and attendance for assigned students
- Create in groups and real-time chat

---

### Club Lead
- Create and manage club groups and events
- Post club-level announcements
- Manage club members (invite/remove)
- Share club resources (projects, files)
- Create in real-time group chat

---

### Student
- Register, login, and manage own profile
- Upload profile photo and resumes
- View personal marks, attendance, projects, and certifications
- Join and participate in groups and real-time chat
- Export personal data (resume, reports)


1. Clone the repo

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Rohan3429/Connectify-Frontend.git
   cd Connectify-Frontend
   ```

2. Install dependencies

   ```bash
   npm install

3. Create a .env file based on .env.example and fill required variables (see below)
   ```
   MONGO_URI=mongodb://127.0.0.1:27017/connectify
   PORT=5000
   CLIENT_URL=http://localhost:5173
   
   ADMIN_EMAIL=admin@connectify.com
   ADMIN_PASSWORD=Admin@123
   
   JWT_SECRET=connectify_super_secret_key_123
   JWT_EXPIRES_IN=7d
  ```
---

Commit message:

Clarify cloning instructions for frontend and backend
Updated instructions for cloning repositories and setting up the environment.

README.md, after:


Connectify is a social networking application for connecting people and sharing posts. This README includes setup, development, and deployment instructions. Replace placeholders with project-specific details where noted.



## Tech stack

- Frontend: JavaScript — React + Vite, Tailwind CSS, react-router, axios, socket.io-client.
- Backend: JavaScript — Node.js + Express, MongoDB, socket.io, JWT, Cloudinary.

## Roles & Permissions

### Admin
- Create, update, and delete user ( faculty, proctors)
- Assign or change user roles (professor, proctor)
- View all users and system-wide data
- Manage site configuration 

---

### Professor (Faculty)
- Login and manage own profile
- Create and update announcements
- Add and update student marks and attendance
- View students assigned through proctor relationships
- Export student reports (XLSX)
- Create in groups and real-time chat

---

### Proctor
- Create student accounts (individual or bulk)
- View and manage assigned students
- Nominate and manage club leads
- Add and update marks and attendance for assigned students
- Create in groups and real-time chat

---

### Club Lead
- Create and manage club groups and events
- Post club-level announcements
- Manage club members (invite/remove)
- Share club resources (projects, files)
- Create in real-time group chat

---

### Student
- Register, login, and manage own profile
- Upload profile photo and resumes
- View personal marks, attendance, projects, and certifications
- Join and participate in groups and real-time chat
- Export personal data (resume, reports)


1. Clone the Frontend repo

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Rohan3429/Connectify-Frontend.git
   cd Connectify-Frontend
   ```

2. Install dependencies

   ```bash
   npm install
   
3. Clone the backend repo in same folder where frontend cloned

    ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Rohan3429/Connectify-Backend.git
   cd Connectify-Frontend
   ```

5. Create a .env file in the backend nad add paste below data
   ```
   MONGO_URI=mongodb://127.0.0.1:27017/connectify
   PORT=5000
   CLIENT_URL=http://localhost:5173
   
   ADMIN_EMAIL=admin@connectify.com
   ADMIN_PASSWORD=Admin@123
   
   JWT_SECRET=connectify_super_secret_key_123
   JWT_EXPIRES_IN=7d
  ```
---
